Let's talk about the quarter that went
by and that was a very good one for
ICICI Lombard. A decent set of numbers
coming in. The stock doing extremely
well. We now have with us Gopal
Balachandran who is the chief financial
officer at ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company. Uh thanks a lot Gopal
for joining in. The street likes what
you've reported but the street wants a
little more you know on your gross
written premium uh which has grown about
1.6% in the second quarter. Net earned
premium which has grown about 12 and a
half% in the second quarter. What are
your expectations for these over the
second half and even the combined ratio
if you could give us a sense on what the
expectations here are or your target
here is?
>> Yeah, good morning to you and uh let me
start on a positive note. Uh let me
extend a season's greetings to you
entire team
and uh all your viewers. Uh but coming
back uh I think let me take the second
part first in terms of the combined
ratio point that you asked uh and let me
put this in context. I think if you look
at the combined ratio that we reported
for quarter two again I'm just looking
at it uh on a like to like basis for
ease of reference uh the quarter two of
this year the command ratio was about
103.99 9% on an end basis this number in
quarter 2 of last year was about 104.5
so directionally I think what we have
been able to exhibit is an improvement
in combined uh at a company level and
therefore uh the trajectory that one
expects is also to continue to see uh
improvement in combined playing out for
ICL Lombard but obviously we will see
how the industry kind of responds in
terms of combined and our combined will
kind of in that sense mirror relative to
that. Uh to your first point on how do
we see growth getting exhibited I think
the momentum on ground looks very very
positive. uh the point that you made in
terms of let's say a relatively kind of
a muted growth that one had seen for the
first half of this year but if you were
to kind of break it down in the context
of the quarter 2 and within that
specifically the momentum that ISIS is
riding on uh in the month of September
uh across lines whether it's commercial
motor uh retail health each of these are
preferred segments for us uh the
momentum on ground looks to be very very
positively placed and therefore to that
extent quite excited with how does one
see the road ahead particularly for the
second half of the next year.
>> Could you put a number to that?
>> Honestly, I think what you have called
out is uh I think relative to the
market, I think what we would be kind of
looking for is to try and see if we can
get an alpha or growth higher in the in
the range of 100 to 200 basis points. I
think that's what we would kind of
largely be kind of working towards. But
more importantly, obviously kind of
staying focused on delivering profitable
growth and sustainable return on uh
equity.
>> All right. Uh good morning sir and
festive greetings to you as well as to
the team and Nigel on this side. Could
you tell us what is the industry growth
that you're working with since you're
you know working with that 100 to around
200 basis points higher growth and if
you could particularly tell us in motor
as well as health uh you know what kind
of growth estimates of the second half.
>> Yeah so Nigel again good morning to you.
I think uh so again when you look at the
industry numbers for the first half of
the year I think it has been a single
digit number roughly about 7% growth is
what the market has exhibited and uh
even the momentum that I spoke about in
terms of whether it's motor whether it's
retail health I think in general I think
the momentum on ground is playing
positive for even from a market
perspective and therefore there's clear
expectations that the market is also
should start exhibiting a growth number
much higher than let's say possibly the
7% number that it had exhibited in the
first half of the year uh and which is
where I kind of talked about in that
context is where we would look at it
from an ICLA standpoint. I think what we
will try for and what we're kind of
clearly working towards is to try and
get that alpha of about 100 to 200
business point over the industry growth
numbers.
>> You said the industry will grow faster
than the 7% mark in the second half. How
much faster can that grow? You think it
could be about 8 to 9%. And in
>> I think we will leave it for the market
to kind of come out with
>> so irrespective you will grow between 9
to 12% because if the industry grows at
7% 100 200 basis points would be 9% for
you. If it grows at 9% you will grow at
around 100 200 basis points higher than
that. So 9 to 12% would be a reasonable
estimate right.
>> So where so what we are optimistic about
is what I kind of talked about. I think
across lines I think the momentum on
ground is looking very very positive.
Final outcomes on what does the exact
numbers I think honestly we will come
back and speak in the channel.
>> Okay. All right. Uh let's talk about the
other big aspect that the street is
looking at. Are you still hopeful of
receiving uh of the motor third party
premium revision for this year or
according to you or you know can maybe
it comes only the next year what's the
expectations on that front and where are
discussions because that was the big
hope right
>> yeah so again in context I think uh
third party has been one segment where
relatively for the last 3 four years uh
there has not been in that sense a price
division but however when one has seen
from an industry standpoint the uh
average claim awards that is getting uh
affected in the form of claims that has
definitely seen an increase which is why
from an industry standpoint I think what
we have been collectively kind of
seeking is a price revision in the
context of third party we will wait for
how it gets played played out whether it
gets announced in the second half of the
year or whether it gets kind of
announced for FI 2627 I think we'll wait
for I think but clearly from an industry
standpoint when we looked at in terms of
how things have played out relative to
the last 3 four years of no meaningful
price change there is a very strong
reason that as an industry that we want
to exhibit uh in terms of a revision in
third party uh but when it happens I
think honestly we will wait for the
exact time
>> got it so you think that the time is
right but it could be either the second
half of this year or sometime next year
as well let's talk about the other big
important the GST you know there was a
fair amount of uncertainty out there
with regards to the additional cost that
could be on account of uh the inverted
duty benefits no ITC coming in for you
and uh have you decided to transfer the
cost to distributors or or not. We
wanted to know a little about that as
well and uh you know just try to give us
a sense on what the impact could be on
an overall basis because lower rates
could mean higher number of people
opting for uh you know insurance as
well. So how is that costbenefit
analysis for you?
>> Exactly. Exactly. Exactly to what you
kind of said. I think what we what what
these reforms have done is is kind of
kind of spurred demand on ground
>> whether you look at across health or
whether you look at for the matter of
fact even for the matter of fact auto
auto vehicle sales that has got
exhibited uh in terms of the recent
numbers that were got reflected. So
which is what we are very very excited
with. I think there's a lot of positive
momentum which could translate into
increased volumes of sales across most
of the key retail lines which kind of
clearly augers well when you look at it
in the context of the distributors
incentives or distributions uh
commissions and from an ISL standpoint I
think clearly we would make sure that
whatever reforms have kind of got
exhibited that gets completely passed on
in so far as the customers are concerned
and in so far as the impact consequent
to any of the uh input tax credit etc
etc I think that's a part of the
business and therefore to that extent
whatever numbers that we reflect in
terms of our expenses of management they
will be all a part of that and to that
extent if there is some element of uh
distribution cost that has to be kind of
also passed back to some of the
distributors I think that is something
that we have already kind of exhibited
uh but just to kind of say that I think
what we are more excited with is the
positive momentum that is kind of
getting created and which will kind of
spur a lot more volume increase and
therefore to that extent the eventual uh
revenues that will be seen in the hands
of the distributors will equally be very
very positive. So basically uh if you
could just simplify this for everyone
who's watching how much would the
increase in cost be and so far in the
new GST regime how much has the
increased volumes been on account of the
GST reduction you've said there has been
momentum so over and above steady state
how much more have you received which
you can attribute to a lower GST
>> the auto auto vehicle sales right from a
Navas 3 to NARA 3 standpoint whether you
take private car or whether you take two
wheeler I think what we have seen in the
in the market is an increased volume to
you know of almost 35% plus. Uh so this
is a significant kind of a jump which is
what one was kind of talking about and
therefore to that extent this kind of
augars well in terms of a higher uh
incentives when you look at it even from
a distributor standpoint uh on the point
on the input tax credit that is more
relevant in the context of uh health uh
there which is what which is what one
had said. I think in the overall scheme
of things I think this amounts is
something that one will be able to kind
of manage within the overall cost
structures that we have uh including
some impacts if we have to take to that
extent we will be taking that impact and
to the extent which is required to be
passed back also to the distributors
that is something that we have again
only already announced on a case to case
basis with the respective distributors.
>> Okay. All right. Well sir we appreciate
you joining in. Thanks a lot for giving
us that outlook as well. for the time
being the sheet seems to have liked what
you've said and you know I've had a a
favorable experience as well with the
company in the last one year or so. So
thanks a lot and shareholders as well
like what they see. Mangla.